How are you?
It was so nice to meet you last week in Sydney at the sales meeting.
How was the rest of your trip?
Did you see any kangaroos?
I hope you got home to Mexico City OK.
Anyway, I have the documents about the new Berlin offices.
We're going to be open in three months.
I moved here from London just last week.
They are very nice offices, and the location is perfect.
There are lots of restaurants, cafés and banks in the area.
There's also public transport; we are next to an U-Bahn (that is the name for the metro here).
Maybe you can come and see them one day?
I would love to show you Berlin, especially in the winter.
You said you have never seen snow – you will see lots here!
Here's a photo of you and me at the restaurant in Sydney.
That was a very fun night!
Remember the singing Englishman?
Please send me any other photos you have of that night.
Good memories.
Please give me your email address and I will send you the documents.
We forget the fastest in the first 24 hours.
And then we forget more and more but the speed slows down over time.  
After about six days, we have forgotten most of the new information.
If we revise the information we make the memory stronger and we slow down the speed of forgetting.
If we revise again and again, we can leave longer and longer periods of time between revisions.
Time is not the only thing that makes us forget something.
If we are tired or under stress, we forget faster.
If the information was difficult to understand we will forget it faster too.
But things that are very important or meaningful to us are easier to remember.
In 1885, Hermann Ebbinghaus studied his own memory.
He wanted to know how quickly he forgot new information.
He gave himself tests after different periods of time to see how much he forgot each time.
The result is called The Forgetting Curve.
I am an architect with 20 years' experience of designing and developing spaces.
I am a partner in the award-winning STG Architects Ltd, which is famous for its work on the Galroy Building in London.
I enjoy working with people from all over the world and have international experience of working in Italy, Greece, Thailand, Australia and Brazil.
I have a Master of Science from Sheffield University and a BA in Architecture from Hull University.
I also speak Italian and Thai.
When I am not working, I spend my time hiking, skiing and diving.
I am an experienced sales manager with 12 years' experience of developing customer service teams.
I am skilled in negotiation, team motivation and building successful sales teams.
After ten years of working in sales and customer service at Halo Bank, I am now the sales office manager of a team of 120 at Southern General Plastics Ltd.
I have an MBA from Stanford University and a degree in Business Studies from Cornell University.
I am creative and hardworking, and enjoy working with others.
Today's grandparents are joining their grandchildren on social media, but the different generations' online habits couldn't be more different.
In the UK the over-55s are joining Facebook in increasing numbers.
They will soon be the site's second biggest user group, with 3.5 million users aged 55–64 and 2.9 million over-65s.
I joined to see what my grandchildren are doing, as my daughter posts videos and photos of them.
It's a much better way to see what they're doing than waiting for letters and photos in the post.
That's how we did it when I was a child, but I think I'm lucky I get to see so much more of their lives than my grandparents did.
Ironically, Sheila's grandchildren are less likely to use Facebook themselves.
Children under 17 in the UK are leaving the site – only 2.2 million users are under 17 – but they're not going far from their smartphones.
Chloe, aged 15, even sleeps with her phone.
It's my alarm clock so I have to.
I look at it before I go to sleep and as soon as I wake up.
Unlike her grandmother's generation, Chloe's age group is spending so much time on their phones at home that they are missing out on spending time with their friends in real life.
Sheila, on the other hand, has made contact with old friends from school she hasn't heard from in forty years.
We use Facebook to arrange to meet all over the country.
It's changed my social life completely.
Teenagers might have their parents to thank for their smartphone and social media addiction as their parents were the early adopters of the smartphone.
Peter, 38 and father of two teenagers, reports that he used to be on his phone or laptop constantly.
I was always connected and I felt like I was always working.
How could I tell my kids to get off their phones if I was always in front of a screen myself?
So, in the evenings and at weekends, he takes his SIM card out of his smartphone and puts it into an old-style mobile phone that can only make calls and send text messages.
I'm not completely cut off from the world in case of emergencies.
The important thing is I'm setting a better example to my kids and spending more quality time with them.
Is it only a matter of time until the generation above and below Peter catches up with the new trend for a less digital life?
Every time you're online, you are bombarded by pictures, articles, links and videos trying to tell their story.
Unfortunately, not all of these stories are true.
Sometimes they want you to click on another story or advertisement at their own site, other times they want to upset people for political reasons.
These days it's so easy to share information.
These stories circulate quickly, and the result is fake news.
There is a range of fake news: from crazy stories which people easily recognise to more subtle types of misinformation.
Experts in media studies and online psychology have been examining the fake news phenomenon.
Read these tips, and don't get fooled!
Look at the website where the story comes from.
Does it look real?
Is the text well written?
Are there a variety of other stories or is it just one story?
Fake news websites often use addresses that sound like real newspapers, but don't have many real stories about other topics.
If you aren't sure, click on the 'About' page and look for a clear description of the organisation.
Many fake news stories use images that are Photoshopped or taken from an unrelated site.
Sometimes, if you just look closely at an image, you can see if it has been changed.
Or use a tool like Google Reverse Image search.
It will show you if the same image has been used in other contexts.
Look to see if the story you are reading is on other news sites that you know and trust.
If you do find it on many other sites, then it probably isn't fake (although there are some exceptions).
Many big news organisations try to check their sources before they publish a story. 
There are other techniques that fake news uses.
These include using ALL CAPS and lots of ads that pop up when you click on a link.
Also, think about how the story makes you feel.
If the news story makes you angry, it's probably designed to make you angry.
If you know these things about online news, and can apply them in your everyday life.
Then you have the control over what to read, what to believe and most importantly what to share.
If you find a news story that you know is fake, the most important advice is: don't share it!
If you think of the jobs robots could never do, you would probably put doctors and teachers at the top of the list.
It's easy to imagine robot cleaners and factory workers, but some jobs need human connection and creativity.
But are we underestimating what robots can do?
In some cases, they already perform better than doctors at diagnosing illness.
Also, some patients might feel more comfortable sharing personal information with a machine than a person.
Could there be a place for robots in education after all?